[Music]
do you know why the Phoenix sits on the
right hand at the Opera she is his
guardian his protector does she sports
beautiful and strong your job is to
bring honor to the family do you think
you can do that
citizens we are under attack from
northern invaders their leader calls
himself Oricon fights alongside of which
no survivors
by eating of his Imperial Majesty every
family must contribute one love to fight
a few no son I am blessed with two
daughters I will fight
we must be strong
this time you will not return loyal
brave and true it is my duty to protect
my family
[Music]
ancestors please protect her
what is your name soldier what Jian
committer sunup our job we're gonna make
men out of every single one of them
lose again
the spirits is evident as something
holds you back
when they find out who you are they will
show you no mercy
[Music]
I'm Hamelin I will be honored to us all
you